"agreed, though all things considered, something is still better than someone. As someone who used to be in a similar situation, the only thing that changed it was removing said individual from my life."
"If anyone can make an estimate of how fast the blur is moving, I would suggest this:

Assume the dollars are expelled in a stream that is roughly end to end.  

Note a dollar bill is 6 inches long.  (Therefore, for every foot the stream travels, 2 bills are expended.)

Define speed ""S"" in units of ft/sec.   

Define value ""V"" as the monetary value of each bill 

If the stream is uniform and has no overlap, the money spent each second is exactly 2 x S x V.     If there is a 10% overlap, multiply the result by 110%.  If you think it's a 50% overlap, multiply by 150%. etc. 

**Example:** if the speed of the bills is 2 ft./sec. and you're shooting $5 bills, it's putting out between $20 - $35 per second, depending on overlap.  ($1200 - $2100 per minute).

Making the same assumptions with ones: It's $4 - $7 per second, ($240 - $420 per minute)

I'm very unhappy in the sex department because I am currently not seeing anyone!!  Although my right hand knows exactly how to please me.  Lol!
"This is what we know Gervinho from in 13/14! Fuck yeah! 

"I wouldn't say I feel like a father figure. I see myself more as a teacher. And it's a good feeling seeing all the very good spies now. Even if I can't always tell which ones I individually impacted, it's always nice to see people getting better that you're playing with. "
"This is really beautiful! However, there's some free space where it says ""Combo! Triple Hit!"" I think you should add Arcade Riven's sword there, leaning against something. Or you could put it somewhere else. Just to show that she's Riven and ready to fight anyone, ya know?
Other than that it's simply amazing."
"I just remember seeing a similar post recently that was like what I described, so I just started typing in keywords until yours popped up in the search results."
"Flob is back! I have to work at 6 so no full rundown yet, but i'll get started :)

Child's Play Charity Status as of post: US $22.66 of US $60,000.00

"You are correct about what Paul said. However, Paul was wrong and trump called him on it. Trump never said he wanted a single payer system for right now. He said there's a time when it could work, but not now. His solution is to open up competition across state lines to drive down cost. He wants the insurance companies to have to compete with each other on a national level, creating more competition, thus driving down cost. There was no trickery or scare tactic and he didn't ignore facts like you suggested. "
"Guys. Guys. He's joking. It's obvious he's joking. He even illustrated his joke with a picture, in case you didn't get the joke.

Good Lord, people."
I really hope they learn from this lesson. Surely a year in advance is more than enough for planning?
"I can help on both fronts! I grew up in DC/the suburbs, and I transferred schools after my freshman year.

For transferring: Get out and meet people. Go to the organization fair, join clubs, do transfer housing if AU offers it. A lot of people already have friends and may not be actively looking to make new ones, but will be happy to include you if you make the effort. The beginning of the year is your chance to set the tone, don't wait to get involved.

For DC: Definitely check out everything you can, and don't be afraid to be a tourist. I woke up one day when I was in middle school realizing I hadn't seen a lot of the really cool stuff in DC because I didn't want to be a tourist and because it was always there and available to me. There's so much to see I still haven't seen it all. Also check out things off the beaten path. Don't forget to visit /r/washingtondc if you have other questions."
"Welcome back to the family. Got myself a 2014 impreza. Subaru's AWD system is just too good. If you haven't already check out /r/subaru "
"Would have to have shortcuts though: pre-set messages (that you don't *have* to use) like ""Friendly?"" ""Let's work together."" ""Don't follow us."" etc.

For console players, that is. Because inviting is faster than writing with controller :P"
"Yeah, it was seriously overhyped by everyone on Reddit and Amazon.ca.  I was expecting something life-changingly demented, but it was just quirky with a touch of vulgarity.  "
"Great colors, i absolutely loved the palate. 

- I think the composition need to be adjusted, try either crop the image so the character will be more in the left side, it will be more interesting that way. 
- I think the light of the dawn should hit the character from behind giving it more dark tone, in addition i think whole color will be more toward the reddish orange value. 
-the sandstorm on the right needs a little bit of work, mainly its too hard edged, try using a cloud brush i guess it will be better. 

Honestly the colors are great, you did a great job on  something most artists -  including me - struggle with. "
"A funny fact is that 2011, the season Lidstrom won his last Norris, is the only season in Lidstroms career that he was a minus player. Not that +/- is a very relevant stat, but pretty much all of his other seasons he was like a +20, +30, +40, etc. 

another fun Lidstrom fact is that his last season, 11-12, was the only season in his entire career where he did not have a playoff point."